Warn users about Sentinelsat being broken for official downloads (#609)
sentinelsat/sentinelsat: README.rst

sentinelsat
===========

> ⚠️ Sentinelsat is currently not functional for downloading from official mirrors ⚠️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ Sentinelsat is currently not functional for downloading from the CDSE ⚠️
```

Reviewer: I would lump the national mirrors under "official mirrors", so that wording seems a bit misleading to me.

=================================================================================

The `Copernicus Open Access Hub (aka SciHub) <https://scihub.copernicus.eu/>`_, that Sentinelsat was primarily built for, is permanently closed.

.. image:: readme-note-scihub-closed.png

The official successor data distribution system, the `Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem (CDSE) <https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/>`_,
uses different API logic that Sentinelsat does not (yet?) support. Contributions are welcome to change that, please check issues and discussions
for ongoing efforts or alternatives.

> Sentinelsat can still be used against other data hubs powered by the `DHuS software <https://github.com/SentinelDataHub/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentinelsat can still be used against [other data hubs](https://github.com/kr-stn/awesome-sentinel#data-hubs-and-national-mirrors) powered by the `DHuS software <https://github.com/SentinelDataHub/>`_.
```
